[Appfundamentals][revampdoc][1587213] (#2840)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/capabilities-overview.md

---

> title: Understand Teams app capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Understand app capabilities
```
The `tltle` metadata property is automatically appended with "- Teams" during publishing, so you don't have to repeat it here manually.

author: heath-hamilton
description: Teams app capabilities explained
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.author: lajanuar
ms.date: 09/22/2020
---

> # Understand Teams app capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Understand Microsoft Teams app capabilities
```

Your app can also take advantage of advanced capabilities, such as the [Microsoft Graph API for Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/teams-concept-overview).

The following illustration gives you an idea of which capabilities will provide the features you want in your app.

:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/capabilities-overview.png" alt-text="Mind map illustrating what Teams app capabilities are.":::

## Always consider your user

As you familiarize yourself with Teams app development, you understand its core fundamentals. You understand that there is more than one way to build certain features. In such scenarios, consider how you can provide a more native experience to your user.

> For example, you can collect user input by with a form using an iframe. You can also do this using a task module, a dialog in Teams, which may provide a more native experience to your user.

Reviewer 2: you can collect user input with a form. An additional by is in the sentence

Reviewer 2: Also, this sentence did not make sense. form using an iframe - does this mean a tab? Because task modules can also be a form within an iframe. 

"For example, you can collect user input in a form built as a tab in the app. You can also do this using a task module without switching views and disrupting user's flow of work. It is important to choose extension points that provide least deviation from a user's regular flow of work".

Your app can also take advantage of advanced capabilities, such as the [Microsoft Graph API for Teams](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/teams-concept-overview).

The following illustration gives you an idea of which capabilities will provide the features you want in your app.

:::image type="content" source="../assets/images/capabilities-overview.png" alt-text="Mind map illustrating what Teams app capabilities are.":::

> The core capabilities together with the entry points enable you to create a collaboration hub that can provide a native experience to your users. 

Reviewer: @KirtiPereira Suggest removing this sentence or revising since Teams itself is a collaboration hub.

> ## Consider user preference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Always consider your user
```

As you familiarize yourself with Teams app development, you understand its core fundamentals. You understand that there is more than one way to build certain features. In such scenarios, consider how you can provide a more native experience to your user.

> For example, collecting user input. You can collect user input by embedding a web-based form in a tab using an `<iframe>`. You can also do this in a tab using a task module, a Teams UI convention. Using the task module to develop the app will provide a more native experience to your user. Therefore, you must do the right thing for your user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can collect user input by with a form using an iframe. You can also do this using a task module, a dialog in Teams, which may provide a more native experience to your user.
```
@KirtiPereira  Suggested updates for terminology and general editing.
